config for imagePullSecrets via serviceAccount (#51429)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/containers/images.md

  Only Pods which provide their own keys can access the private registry.

> - [Add ImagePullSecrets to a service account](/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-service-account.md#add-imagepullsecrets-to-a-service-account)

Reviewer: That hyperlink doesn't look right - check a local preview (eg `make container-serve`) to see what I mean, or just edit it:
```suggestion
- [Add image pull secrets to a ServiceAccount](/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-service-account/#add-imagepullsecrets-to-a-service-account)
```

>   Add `imagePullSecrets` to the `serviceAccount` (e.g. the default service account) that will be used to deploy the pod. In contrast to the solution above, the pull secret only has to be stored once in the service account configuration, the pod configuration can then remain independent of the cluster.

Reviewer: nit: we avoid Latin abbreviations - see https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/
